docs/k2.md, before:

% CS 452 Kernel 2 
% Benjamin Zhao, Kyle Verhoog
% $date$


# Operation
## ELF location
The ELF file is located at `/u/cs452/tftp/ARM/yl4zhao/kernel2.elf` and can be initiated using the typical `load` command.

After loading the kernel should execute the sample test required for the assignment.

# Implementation

## Messaging

Improvements on the implementation of the kernel affects the `handle` method.

```c
void handle(TaskDescriptor *td, TaskRequest req) {
  switch (req) {
  ...
  case SEND:
    send_handler(td);
    ... 
  case RECEIVE:
    receive_handler(td);
    ...
  case REPLY:
    reply_handler(td);
    ...
  ...
  }
}

void send_handler(TaskDescriptor *std);
void receive_handler(TaskDescriptor *rtd);
void reply_handler(TaskDescriptor *rtd);
```

### Data Structures and Algorithms

The implementation follows similar concepts described in class. Note the Syscall registers r0 to r3 are saved to the user stack on context switch. The updated Task Descriptor now has a queue holding blocked sender tids.

`send_handler` retrieves the r0-r3 arguments from the sender's stack and copies the msg to the receiver.

`receive_handler` retrieves r0-r2 arguments from receiver's stack, copies if sender is available, otherwise queue's sender.

`reply_handler` retrieves r0-r2 arguments from receiver's stack, and copies reply msg to the sender.

## Syscalls

New SWI calls have been added for user tasks to make communication requests to other tasks.

```c
int Send(int tid, void *msg, int msg_len, void *reply, int reply_len);
int Receive(int *tid, void *msg, int msg_len);
int Reply(int tid, void *reply, int reply_len);
```

## NameServer

A special task which serves as a nameserver for all tasks to set and get information about others.

```c
int RegisterAs(int n);
int WhoIs(int n);
void NameServerTask();
```

### Data Structures and Algorithms

The Nameserver uses a basic `<int, int>` mapping from an integer name to a tid with a fixed size array, O(1) time. Tasks can register their own tid to a static integer name using `RegisterAs`. Tasks can also query the tid of a static name from the nameserver using `WhoIs`. The NameServer service can be stopped by sending the Stop command. Note: Only the curator of the NameServer has the ability to stop it (as it is the only one who directly has access to the NameServer's Tid). Note, when the NameServer initializes, it calls `RegisterNS` which registers its Tid to the kernel (for flexibility on NameServer defines). 

```c
typedef enum NSservice {
	WhoIs_t = 0,
	RegisterAs_t = 1,
	Stop_t = 2
} NSservice;

```

`RegisterAs` is a special Syscall function which queries the tid of the registered NameServer, then calling the `Send` syscall with pre-filled parameters and expects the NameServer to return a success or failure on registering the user task into the nameserver.

`WhoIs` is a special Syscall which queries the tid of the registed NameServer, and calling the `Send` syscall with pre-filled paramets and expects the NameServer to return the associated Tid to the name.


## RPS Game

A Rock-Paper-Scissor Client/Server Test on the communication with the kernel. (Note: We named acronym RPS as RPC (Rock-Paper-sCissor) by accident.)

```c
void RPCClient();  \\Plays a move based on Tid
void RPCClient2(); \\Always quits 
void RPCServer();  \\Server handles ONLY ONE GAME AT A TIME (All other players are queued)
```

### Data Structures and Algorithms

The RPS Client/Server tasks communicate with each other to play the game. Clients signup to the Server, which are then queued and paired if two or more clients have signed up. Note that only one game can happen at a time, so all subsequent players who signed up are queued until the first pair has finished playing. One in every 3 players spawned is toxic and will quit the game when paired.i Every other player will make a move based on their Tid mod 3 (Rock - 0, Paper - 1, Scissor - 2). A total of 50 players are created, (starting from tid 3), thus 25 games are played.

```c
typedef enum RPCservice{
	S_Signup = 0,
	S_Play = 1,
	S_Quit = 2,
	S_Close = 3
}RPCservice;
```

`Signup` is a service call to the server to queue the client up for play. Once matched, the server will reply to both players.

`Play` is a service call to the server to play the move of their choice. Once both players have made their move (or quit), the server will reply to both players with the outcome.

`Quit` (same as play).

`Close` is a service call to shutdown the server.

348
832
25
58
320
804
23
56
185
324
12
221
311
11, 14
21, 25

Commit message:

Updates to doc, slight modifications to k2_task for cleaner read

docs/k2.md, after:

% CS 452 Kernel 2 
% Benjamin Zhao, Kyle Verhoog
% $date$


# Operation
## ELF location
The ELF file is located at `/u/cs452/tftp/ARM/yl4zhao/kernel2.elf` and can be initiated using the typical `load` command.

After loading the kernel should execute the sample test required for the assignment.

# Implementation

## Messaging

Improvements on the implementation of the kernel affects the `handle` method.

```c
void handle(TaskDescriptor *td, TaskRequest req) {
  switch (req) {
  ...
  case SEND:
    send_handler(td);
    ... 
  case RECEIVE:
    receive_handler(td);
    ...
  case REPLY:
    reply_handler(td);
    ...
  ...
  }
}

void send_handler(TaskDescriptor *std);
void receive_handler(TaskDescriptor *rtd);
void reply_handler(TaskDescriptor *rtd);
```

### Data Structures and Algorithms

The implementation follows similar concepts described in class. Note the Syscall registers r0 to r3 are saved to the user stack on context switch. The updated Task Descriptor now has a queue holding blocked sender tids.

`send_handler` retrieves the r0-r3 arguments from the sender's stack and copies the msg to the receiver.

`receive_handler` retrieves r0-r2 arguments from receiver's stack, copies if sender is available, otherwise queue's sender.

`reply_handler` retrieves r0-r2 arguments from receiver's stack, and copies reply msg to the sender.

## Syscalls

New SWI calls have been added for user tasks to make communication requests to other tasks.

```c
int Send(int tid, void *msg, int msg_len, void *reply, int reply_len);
int Receive(int *tid, void *msg, int msg_len);
int Reply(int tid, void *reply, int reply_len);
```

## NameServer

A special task which serves as a nameserver for all tasks to set and get information about others.

```c
int RegisterAs(int n);
int WhoIs(int n);
void NameServerTask();
```

### Data Structures and Algorithms

The Nameserver uses a basic `<int, int>` mapping from an integer name to a tid with a fixed size array, O(1) time. Tasks can register their own tid to a static integer name using `RegisterAs`. Tasks can also query the tid of a static name from the nameserver using `WhoIs`. The NameServer service can be stopped by sending the Stop command. Note: Only the curator of the NameServer has the ability to stop it (as it is the only one who directly has access to the NameServer's Tid). Note, when the NameServer initializes, it calls `RegisterNS` which registers its Tid to the kernel (for flexibility on NameServer defines). 

```c
typedef enum NSservice {
	WhoIs_t = 0,
	RegisterAs_t = 1,
	Stop_t = 2
} NSservice;

```

`RegisterAs` is a special Syscall function which queries the tid of the registered NameServer, then calling the `Send` syscall with pre-filled parameters and expects the NameServer to return a success or failure on registering the user task into the nameserver.

`WhoIs` is a special Syscall which queries the tid of the registed NameServer, and calling the `Send` syscall with pre-filled paramets and expects the NameServer to return the associated Tid to the name.


## RPS Game

A Rock-Paper-Scissor Client/Server Test on the communication with the kernel. (Note: We named acronym RPS as RPC (Rock-Paper-sCissor) by accident.)

```c
void RPCClient();  \\Plays a move based on Tid
void RPCClient2(); \\Always quits 
void RPCServer();  \\Server handles ONLY ONE GAME AT A TIME (All other players are queued)
```

### Data Structures and Algorithms

The RPS Client/Server tasks communicate with each other to play the game. Clients signup to the Server, which are then queued and paired if two or more clients have signed up. Note that only one game can happen at a time, so all subsequent players who signed up are queued until the first pair has finished playing. One in every 3 players spawned is toxic and will quit the game when paired.i Every other player will make a move based on their Tid mod 3 (Rock - 0, Paper - 1, Scissor - 2). A total of 50 players are created, (starting from tid 3), thus 25 games are played.

```c
typedef enum RPCservice{
	S_Signup = 0,
	S_Play = 1,
	S_Quit = 2,
	S_Close = 3
}RPCservice;
```

`Signup` is a service call to the server to queue the client up for play. Once matched, the server will reply to both players.

`Play` is a service call to the server to play the move of their choice. Once both players have made their move (or quit), the server will reply to both players with the outcome.

`Quit` (same as play).

`Close` is a service call to shutdown the server.

### Priorities

`InitTask` 	Priority 3
`NameServer`  	Priority 31
`RPCServer`	Priority 30
`RPCClient`	Priority 5 
`RPCClient`	Priority 5 
`StopServer`   Priority 1

The InitTask is the first task to be ran. It creates the NameServer first, which is of highest priority since we want all lookup requests to be handled first. The RPCServer has the second highest priority since it needs to pair up players and perform rounds as soon as possible. Players have the next highest priority as all players need to signup and play while InitTask creates more players (when the two clients have queued and InitTask is the only one left ready)). InitTask will also create the StopServer task which stops the NameServer and the RPCServer. This task needs to have the lowest priority as it should only stop these services when we can guarantee nothing is left to run.


348
832
25
58
320
804
23
56
185
324
12
221
311
11, 14
21, 25
